Welcome back.
I wanted to add a quick video to let you know about a common interview trick we're going to be doing
some array questions after this but in interviews you should treat any string questions like over here
as an array.
QUESTION You see strings are simply array of characters most of the time in an interview.
When you get a question like reverse a string what you should be thinking is to convert this into an
array do some sort of a loop on it or an operation using something like a split method in JavaScript
and then returning it as a string after you've finished the operations with them so that is a very common
interview question where you're manipulating strings.
Just keep that in mind and we'll actually demonstrate this in the next video when we do a very common
interview question I'll see you on that one by.